Update readme about ruby installation on MacOS (#1254)
buildkite/docs: README.md

git submodule update --init
```

> > **Note**: On Mac, install Ruby using [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) instead of using Ruby provided by MacOS or installed using homebrew.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If you're having trouble with an installation on an M1 Mac, use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) instead of the Ruby version provided by macOS or Homebrew.
```
